opendir
/
readdir
/
opendir
/
readdir
/
opendir
/
readdir
/
opendir
/
readdir
/
opendir
/
readdir
/
opendir
/
readdir
/
opendir
/
readdir
/
opendir
/
readdir
/
opendir
/
readdir
/
opendir
/
readdir
/
create
/hello.txt
wt, off: 0 size: 14 path: /hello.txt
wt, off: 1 size: 14 path: /hello.txt
opendir
/
opendir
/
create
/hello.txt
wt, off: 0 size: 14 path: /hello.txt
wt, off: 1 size: 14 path: /hello.txt
create
/hello.txt
wt, off: 0 size: 14 path: /hello.txt
wt, off: 1 size: 14 path: /hello.txt
create
/hello.txt
wt, off: 0 size: 14 path: /hello.txt
wt, off: 1 size: 14 path: /hello.txt
create
/hello.txt
wt, off: 0 size: 14 path: /hello.txt
wt, off: 1 size: 14 path: /hello.txt
opendir
/
opendir
/
readdir
/
opendir
/
readdir
/
opendir
/
opendir
/
readdir
/
opendir
/
readdir
/
opendir
/
readdir
/
opendir
/
readdir
/
opendir
/
readdir
/
opendir
/
readdir
/
opendir
/
readdir
/
opendir
/
readdir
/
opendir
/
readdir
/
opendir
/
readdir
/
opendir
/
readdir
/
create
/input.txt
opendir
/
readdir
/
unlink
/input.txt
create
/input.txt
wt, off: 0 size: 152 path: /input.txt
opendir
/
readdir
/
open
/input.txt
open
/input.txt
open
/input.txt
open
/input.txt
open
/input.txt
open
/input.txt
open
/input.txt
opendir
/
readdir
/
opendir
/
readdir
/
opendir
/
readdir
/
opendir
/
readdir
/
opendir
/
readdir
/
unlink
/input.txt
opendir
/
readdir
/
opendir
/
readdir
/
opendir
/
readdir
/
opendir
/
readdir
/
opendir
/
readdir
/
create
/hello.txt
wt, off: 0 size: 14 path: /hello.txt
wt, off: 1 size: 14 path: /hello.txt
opendir
/
opendir
/
readdir
/
opendir
/
readdir
/
opendir
/
readdir
/
opendir
/
readdir
/
opendir
/
opendir
/
readdir
/
opendir
/
readdir
/
open
/hello.txt
rd, off: 0 size: 15 path: /hello.txt
opendir
/
readdir
/
create
/input.txt
open
/input.txt
open
/input.txt
unlink
/input.txt
create
/input.txt
wt, off: 0 size: 152 path: /input.txt
opendir
/
readdir
/
open
/input.txt
open
/input.txt
open
/input.txt
open
/input.txt
open
/input.txt
opendir
/
readdir
/
opendir
/
readdir
/
opendir
/
readdir
/
opendir
/
readdir
/
opendir
/
readdir
/
opendir
/
readdir
/
opendir
/
readdir
/
create
/hello.txt
wt, off: 0 size: 14 path: /hello.txt
wt, off: 1 size: 14 path: /hello.txt
opendir
/
opendir
/
readdir
/
opendir
/
readdir
/
opendir
/
readdir
/
opendir
/
readdir
/
opendir
/
readdir
/
opendir
/
open
/input.txt
open
/input.txt
opendir
/
readdir
/
opendir
/
readdir
/
opendir
/
readdir
/
unlink
/input.txt
opendir
/
readdir
/
opendir
/
readdir
/
create
/input.txt
wt, off: 0 size: 152 path: /input.txt
open
/input.txt
opendir
/
readdir
/
opendir
/
readdir
/
opendir
/
readdir
/
opendir
/
readdir
/
opendir
/
readdir
/
create
/hello.txt
wt, off: 0 size: 14 path: /hello.txt
wt, off: 1 size: 14 path: /hello.txt
opendir
/
opendir
/
readdir
/
opendir
/
readdir
/
opendir
/
readdir
/
opendir
/
readdir
/
opendir
/
readdir
/
opendir
/
opendir
/
readdir
/
opendir
/
readdir
/
opendir
/
readdir
/
opendir
/
readdir
/
opendir
/
readdir
/
opendir
/
readdir
/
opendir
/
readdir
/
opendir
/
readdir
/
create
/olymp.cpp
open
/olymp.cpp
open
/olymp.cpp
unlink
/olymp.cpp
create
/olymp.cpp
wt, off: 0 size: 2220 path: /olymp.cpp
opendir
/
readdir
/
open
/olymp.cpp
open
/olymp.cpp
open
/olymp.cpp
open
/olymp.cpp
open
/olymp.cpp
opendir
/
readdir
/
opendir
/
readdir
/
opendir
/
readdir
/
opendir
/
readdir
/
opendir
/
readdir
/
opendir
/
readdir
/
opendir
/
readdir
/
opendir
/
readdir
/
opendir
/
readdir
/
opendir
/
readdir
/
opendir
/
readdir
/
opendir
/
readdir
/
opendir
/
readdir
/
opendir
/
readdir
/
opendir
/
readdir
/
opendir
/
readdir
/
opendir
/
readdir
/
opendir
/
readdir
/
opendir
/
readdir
/
opendir
/
readdir
/
opendir
/
readdir
/
opendir
/
readdir
/
opendir
/
readdir
/
opendir
/
readdir
/
opendir
/
readdir
/
opendir
/
readdir
/
opendir
/
readdir
/
opendir
/
readdir
/
opendir
/
readdir
/
opendir
/
readdir
/
opendir
/
readdir
/
opendir
/
readdir
/
opendir
/
readdir
/
opendir
/
readdir
/
opendir
/
readdir
/
opendir
/
readdir
/
opendir
/
readdir
/
opendir
/
readdir
/
opendir
/
readdir
/
opendir
/
readdir
/
opendir
/
readdir
/
opendir
/
readdir
/
opendir
/
readdir
/
opendir
/
readdir
/
opendir
/
readdir
/
opendir
/
readdir
/
opendir
/
readdir
/
opendir
/
readdir
/
opendir
/
readdir
/
unlink
/olymp.cpp
opendir
/
readdir
/
opendir
/
readdir
/
opendir
/
readdir
/
